the one here in detroit on the
fair at the beginning of 2014 and the
here is the vw evening in here
Geneva
2014 is not just the color
I would say pretty much alike
this one is a little bit smaller though
From the style he already looks like the
audi allroad shooting break the
Volkswagen shown in total in Detroit
has that here but the vwg rock and
What should that tell us that will be in the future
possibly be the polo suv
a suv to the opel-parent company
to do and a suv the above all
intended for the mass is so far
vw below the tiguan has not yet
so much to offer
the already so does not look the vw
scirocco that is supposed to be a suv
below the tiguan and above the
to be tycoon
the tycoon stands on the base of the vw up
this should actually be on the base
but he does not understand the polo
namely on the basis of golf though
but has a bit shorter wheelbase
also has a golf motor under the
namely the hood of the gtd so 184 ps
diesel and a 7 gear dsg the exciting
But this concept is not a roof here
nobody can take out two roofing folders
and can fold in the back of the trunk and
then just there stashed a suv
if this interior in here
looks as you can see vw is in the
arrived in the future
this central display that we know
that the combination instrument what also the tt
already installed or even the
lamborghini
that is a central infodisplay where
the tachometer the tachometer
or even the navi on it but can see
Here there is more there for
For example, a display for the air conditioning system
for the seat heating or also a kind
tablet pc
there you can up here with the camera
his own action videos turn the
directly below on the display data
edit and post live from the car
So this is the car for you
facebook generation